♪A leaf fluttered down before us.♪
♪Love is spreading in the warm wind.♪
♪Our eye contact♪
♪express more than words.♪
♪Happiness is no longer far away.♪
♪Above us is the bright moon.♪
♪Beneath it is a pair of lovers.♪
♪I want to fly to the celestial palace♪
♪to join my beloved in passionate moments.♪
♪The night is long.♪
♪But you're at my side.♪
♪We cuddled up together.♪
♪And it means forever.♪
♪Sweetness hovers among the yellow leaves,♪
♪and falls between you and I.♪
♪Flowers bloom and wither.♪
♪But the moon can still be full.♪
♪Things changed over time.♪
♪Only you are the same.♪
♪Let's write an immortal poem♪
♪that records our own beautiful lives.♪
=The Romance of Tiger and Rose=
(Episode 16)
Your Majesty!
Han Shuo, don't!
Don't move.
Stop!
Your Majesty, look.
On the Young Master's order,
I set off the fireworks
for the Crown Princess.
You have no right to arrest me.
Fireworks?
Of course.
What else can they be? Explosives?
You people of Huayuan City
aren't romantic at all.
Fireworks.
Your Highness.
The things laid in various places
of the city are fireworks,
not explosives.
Sangqi.
Where is Xuanhu City?
It's located to the north of our city.
Your Majesty, why did you do that?
I should thank the City Owner of Xuanhu
for sending a great commander to me.
Han Shuo has been ruined by Qianqian.
He'll serve Huayuan City from now on.
It's because you've raised a good daughter.
Forget it.
My children's marriages
only concern themselves, after all.
They can be with
whoever they want.
Fireworks.
It's wonderful to see
you change your mind.
If our City Owner learns about this,
he will also...
The tea is...
Tell the others
not to make any move
without my order.
Young Master,
by doing this,
you have disobeyed our City Owner's order.
If Chen Qianqian didn't love me,
I'd treat her much better
to make her love me.
But if I killed her mother
and destroyed Huayuan City,
she'd never forgive me.
Do you regret the way you used to treat me?
♪I'd be your rock.♪
You just said you liked me.
Was it true?
♪...in a cold, lonely night.♪
♪All my life,♪
♪I just want to keep you from being lonely.♪
♪I want to settle down and enjoy peace...♪
I can't believe Han Shuo
has given up his plan to besiege the city
and moved on from the disputes
between the two cities for Chen Qianqian.
Does he love Qianqian for real?
♪...is about you.♪
♪I'm at peace knowing that I have you♪
Still want to divorce me?
No.
♪who would stand by my side
and share my sorrow.♪
♪Will you walk into my life♪
♪while we are still young?♪
♪Life is sweet as long as you're with me.♪
(An aura of orchid's elegance)
♪I hope the dream can come true.♪
My will...
Yuanyuan.
Yuanyuan, don't worry.
I'll solve the problem caused
by the embroidered ball.
Don't be like this.
Your Highness, I'm sorry.
I failed to keep the embroidered ball.
But I really couldn't defeat them.
This guy can fight. He can fight.
I... I could have defeated them,
but that would
make the embroidered ball mine.
I'm just a boor.
I dare not offend you.
You stood by on purpose.
You're asking for a beating.
Zi Nian.
Your Highness.
You must not agree
to marry Mr. Lu.
I know the Crown Princess is unreliable
because she promised to help you,
but sneaked out to watch
the fireworks with Young Master Han.
But you shouldn't give yourself up.
No.
Yuanyuan, I'm sorry.
I know I made a mistake.
But you and Lu Peng aren't a good match.
Promise me
that you won't agree to marry him.
If Lu Peng can be subservient
to me all the time
and ingratiate himself with me,
it'll be nice.
But... But... I...
Your Highness, Mr. Lu is here.
Did I summon him?
Mr. Lu said
he would be your husband.
So I couldn't stop him.
What brought you here?
I know
you love Maixiangcun's pastries.
So I stood in a line waiting
for the whole night
to buy your favorite chestnut cake.
Mr. Lu,
you didn't sleep last night.
Look, the dark circles
under your eyes are so obvious.
Go back and have some rest.
What's the matter?
Mr. Lu has taken his luggage along.
I'm your husband-to-be, after all.
I can't continue to stay in
the Music and Dance Academy.
But I also can't move
into your mansion today.
Then where will you live?
It's your call.
So you're saying
Yuanyuan
should buy a property for you?
You think too much, Your Highness.
After we get married,
all my things will belong
to the Princess Royal.
Even I will
belong to the Princess Royal.
Zi Nian.
Do as he says.
Mr. Lu, let's go.
Yuanyuan.
Mr. Su is here.
He's waiting for the
Princess Royal in the yard.
He sent this.
Give me. Give me. Give me.
Look. Look.
Yuanyuan, I said the
embroidered ball would help.
He must have felt regret.
Look. He has sent you a token of love.
I said the embroidered ball would help.
Your Highness,
this is the token of love
the Princess Royal has given Mr. Su.
You are noble like the moon
while I'm lowly like a grain of dust.
I don't deserve this jade pendant.
Your Highness,
Lu Peng is ill-natured.
If you marry him anyway,
you'll feel regret someday.
I hope...
If you marry me,
I won't marry him.
I'm a worse choice for you.
Do you
wish to spend
the rest of your life
with a promiscuous and dissolute musician?
In some cases,
you should look beyond the present.
Where should I look if not the present?
You all make decisions for me
and claim the decisions are made
for my own good.
But in the end,
you don't know what I want.
Or maybe
you don't care about me at all.
You think too much, Your Highness.
After they get married,
all Lu Peng's things will
belong to the Princess Royal.
Even Lu Peng will belong
to the Princess Royal.
Lu Peng is obviously
determined to marry Yuanyuan,
so he can climb the social ladder.
Have some tea.
Thank you.
On my way back home,
I bought Maixiangcun's pastries.
What a gigolo!
What is a gigolo?
He eats a woman's food.
He uses a woman's things.
He even covets a woman's family assets.
A few chestnut cakes won't justify
the fact that he lives off a woman.
Young Master,
how come the Crown Princess started
to reprimand you right after she came back?
How did she know
we had coveted her family assets at first?
I
despise this kind of man the most.
Can't he fend for himself?
Can't he earn his own living?
He chose to build his wealth
by taking advantage of a woman.
He's basically selling his body.
That sounds so disparaging.
Maybe he was
forced to depend on a woman.
But he chose the path.
He must be harboring ulterior motives.
What if he is actually assertive
and feigning a weak attitude?
He shouldn't have cheated to get married.
But he was forced to marry at first.
If it wasn't his will, he shouldn't have
tried to catch the embroidered ball.
He didn't look
unwilling to me.
You're talking about Lu Peng?
Who are you talking about?
-Him. -Him.
It's late.
Let me escort you to your room.
Don't waste a beautiful night
for a swindler like Lu Peng.
Yeah. How did I forget?
I'm not single anymore.
Not single?
♪The moon has risen high in the sky.♪
♪Its light is rampaging through darkness.♪
♪I can't take my eyes♪
♪off your lovely face.♪
♪Loneliness is gone at this moment.♪
It's pretty late.
♪A leaf fluttered down before us.♪
Xiaoqian, go to bed.
What did you call me?
Xiaoqian.
Chen Qianqian.
I'll call you Xiaoqian from now on.
The Qian in my name doesn't
have the grass radical.
It's Qian, as in Qian Qian Wan Wan
Yao Xiao Xin (be careful).
♪...to join my beloved
in passionate moments.♪
Why that Qian?
♪The night is long.♪
Consider it my pen name.
Okay.
Xiaoqian.
♪Sweetness hovers among the yellow leaves,♪
Shuoshuo.
♪and falls between you and I.♪
Ruirui.
Baibai.
♪Things changed over time.♪
♪Only you are the same.♪
Shuoshuo.
It's finally my turn
to enjoy sweet love.
Now I can make public displays of affection.
Anything that makes you happy.
Maybe I should stick to calling you Young Master.
♪Love is spreading in the warm wind.♪
Young Master, rest early.
♪Happiness is no longer far away.♪
Have a good dream.
Goodnight.
♪Above us is the bright moon.♪
Young Master.
Just give up if you can't
keep the conversation going.
We are all sleepy.
♪...to join my beloved
in passionate moments.♪
Maybe you should go back.
Goodbye, Young Master.
♪We cuddled up together.♪
♪And it means forever.♪
♪Sweetness hovers among the yellow leaves,♪
♪and falls between you and I.♪
♪Flowers bloom and wither.♪
♪But the moon can still be full.♪
♪Things changed over time.♪
♪Only you are the same.♪
♪Let's write an immortal poem♪
♪that records our own beautiful lives.♪
♪The night is long.♪
♪But you're at my side.♪
You look sleepy.
Han Shuo.
Goodnight.
♪Sweetness hovers among the yellow leaves,♪
♪and falls between you and I.♪
♪Flowers bloom and wither.♪
♪But the moon can still be full.♪
♪Things changed over time.♪
♪Only you are the same.♪
♪Let's write an immortal poem♪
♪that records our own beautiful lives.♪
♪A snow forces♪
♪the banana tree's branches
down outside the window.♪
♪A wind leaves♪
Who is that? Who is that?
♪flower imprints on the transparent glass.♪
Me.
Han Shuo?
♪...you keep your distance from
the only lighthouse you're gazing at.♪
♪The pear flowers bend
under the wind's weight...♪
Wait a minute.
Hurry up.
Wait for me.
♪Who is making up alone in the attic?♪
Are you ready?
♪Leaning against the red window
and boasting silver hair at the temples.♪
Coming.
♪I've agonized over writing love letters.♪
♪It's especially hard to forget
how I've weighed my words.♪
Why are you here?
I came in through the window.
Bai Ji and Zi Rui have no idea.
♪Time passes slowly.♪
♪It's the mirror image of vines.♪
♪You're like ink.♪
♪Clothes are washed in a brook♪
♪to unveil the colors of that midsummer.♪
It's so late at night.
What brought you to me?
Your Highness, are you okay?
Your Highness.
Your... Your... Your...
There were sounds
coming out of your room.
What sounds?
No sounds.
But I heard the sounds.
I was sleep-talking.
Go now.
-There are no sounds really?
-I'm asking you to go now.
I wouldn't remember my dream otherwise.
In that case, call me if you need anything.
Got it.
Call me.
Alright.
I have confessed my love for Han Shuo.
I think our relationship
has been made official.
We have hugged and kissed.
What's the next step?
♪Time is reflected in red candles.♪
The next step...
Won't it be too fast?
I'm a modern woman,
but I should be reserved.
If he asks for it tonight,
should I say yes or no?
Will it be somewhat pretentious
if I reject him at this time?
But if I say yes immediately,
will it be too easy?
Is it too late for me to say no?
♪Time has never been known to relent.♪
♪I've agonized over writing love letters.♪
♪It's especially hard to forget
how I've weighed my words.♪
♪May I be released from greed.♪
Han Shuo.
You can come out.
♪You're like ink.♪
♪Clothes are washed in a brook♪
♪to unveil the colors of that midsummer.♪
♪Back then with bamboos, vines and the Ruan lute,
you and I indulged in the four arts.♪
♪I can see the picture reflected off time♪
What are you doing?
♪and turn around to find you
waiting at the same spot.♪
♪We're secretly fulfilling...♪
I was worried that you
might get hungry at night.
So I passed by the kitchen
and grabbed some food for you.
♪You've melted mountains and glaciers...♪
It has crumbled.
It's okay.
♪...enabling me to recover my innocence
from the earliest dreams.♪
♪I've heard people being released
from purgatory over time.♪
Is it delicious?
♪You've gone through
the four seasons for me.♪
♪The lad made the decision all by himself♪
I'll get going then.
♪to travel around the world with me.♪
♪May time be flawless as amber.♪
♪I'd boil green tea with you
and a flower field in sight.♪
♪A crisp wind would blow through our sleeves
and the moonlight would spill over us♪
♪as we'd watch a cloud of smoke billow
from the chimney and waft southward.♪
♪I've heard people being released
from purgatory over time.♪
What are you doing?
Your Highness.
I'm guarding you here.
Nobody will enter your room.
Guard me.
♪...to travel around the world with me.♪
♪May time be flawless as amber.♪
♪I'd boil green tea with you
and a flower field in sight.♪
♪A crisp wind would blow through our sleeves
and the moonlight would spill over us♪
♪as we'd watch a cloud of smoke billow
from the chimney and waft southward.♪
♪I've picked up an old guitar♪
♪to pass the time.♪
♪Can I still have drinks♪
♪with you and chat?♪
♪Hold onto our taste.♪
♪Time is reflected in red candles.♪
♪You and I haven't wasted our years. ♪
♪We are still the same.♪
Zi Rui, are you
guarding me or selling me out?
Sleeping in the bed or sleeping
on the ground, which do you prefer?
The ground?
How is the ground involved in this?
Are we sleeping together so soon?
No. The ground is too hard.
What are you doing?
I noticed back on Weimeng Mountain
that you were a reserved girl.
There are things
that I dare not do even if I want to.
Rest easy.
Tonight,
I won't offend you.
If you think it's too early
for us to consummate,
I'll wait for you.
How long will you wait?
Until you say yes.
I'll be the one calling the shots?
I shouldn't propose to...
You don't have to sleep on the ground.
You mean
I can sleep in the bed?
What are you doing?
I'll turn off the light.
♪The moon has risen high in the sky.♪
♪Its light is rampaging through darkness.♪
♪I can't take my eyes♪
♪off your lovely face.♪
♪Loneliness is gone at this moment.♪
♪A leaf fluttered down before us.♪
Can I hug you?
♪Love is spreading in the warm wind.♪
♪Our eye contact♪
♪express more than words.♪
♪Happiness is no longer far away.♪
Can I...
♪Above us is the bright moon.♪
Han Shuo, stop it.
♪Beneath it is a pair of lovers.♪
Be good. Don't move.
♪I want to fly to the celestial palace♪
Go to sleep.
♪to join my beloved in passionate moments.♪
♪The night is long.♪
♪But you're at my side.♪
Don't worry.
I'll come up with a plan
to get rid of Lu Peng.
You said I could solve all problems.
But I caused the trouble.
♪...and falls between you and I.♪
♪Flowers bloom and wither.♪
Great.
You can be someone who makes trouble
and I can be someone who cleans up the mess.
♪But the moon can still be full.♪
♪Let's write an immortal poem♪
Wait.
♪that records our own beautiful lives.♪
Strictly speaking,
you caused the trouble.
If you hadn't set off the fireworks,
nothing would have happened.
I'm cleaning up your mess.
♪Love is spreading in the warm wind.♪
That's also great.
♪Our eye contact♪
♪express more than words.♪
Thank you, wife.
♪Happiness is no longer far away.♪
You are welcome.
♪Above us is the bright moon.♪
♪Beneath it is a pair of lovers.♪
♪Let's write an immortal poem♪
♪that records our own beautiful lives.♪
Zi Rui.
Our young master is gone.
We've searched the whole Yueli Mansion
and we haven't found him.
Have you seen him?
What are you doing?
You can't find your young master,
so you want to search
our Crown Princess' room.
What are you implying?
Did your young master spend the night
in our Crown Princess' room?
That's impossible.
I stood guard here all night.
Nobody could have entered the room.
And nobody could have left the room.
That's right.
The Crown Princess...
Let her sleep a little more.
You useless wretch!
You're the useless wretch!
You stood guard here all night,
but failed to keep him out.
Your young master was shameless.
Your Crown Princess seduced him.
I...
No matter how hard I try,
I just can't keep out an insider.
I'm warning you,
don't tell others about this.
-Don't damage our Crown Princess' reputation.
-Don't damage our young master's reputation.
Young Master.
(Clan School)
Have you heard about it?
Young Master Han spent the night
in the Crown Princess' room yesterday.
I thought they got married a long time ago.
Why didn't they sleep together until now?
Young Master Han had been frail.
So his health is better now.
Got to leave.
When Chen Qianqian was suppressing
the bandits on Weimeng Mountain,
she even tried to match up
you and Young Master Han.
Now it seems
the Crown Princess was
playing hard-to-get
to make Young Master Han give you up
and fall head over heels for her.
What?
Chen Qianqian tried to
match up you and Han Shuo?
She must be playing tricks on you.
This is intolerable
to anyone.
Who says I'll tolerate this?
Yeah.
She can't have her way.
We must teach her a lesson.
They're here.
Gosh. The two of them are holding hands.
It is really true.
Why are they being so gossipy?
They already know
what happened last night.
(The Analects of Confucius)
A new Minister of Education
will be here to supervise you tomorrow.
I hope you'll study hard
without my supervision.
(God help those who help themselves.)
What happened?
What's going on?
He won't
be here anymore?
(Han Shuo and Chen Qianqian love each other.)
Minister Pei.
What's going on?
Did Minister Pei mean
that he'd stop coming here?
Pei Heng, what did you mean?
You won't work in the clan school?
I've told the City Owner
about my resignation.
I'll cease to work as
the Minister of Education.
From now on, I won't come
to the clan school anymore.
Are you leaving because of me?
But you can't resign as
the Minister of Education.
I thought you always pursued independence.
You took great pains to become
the only male official in Huayuan City.
Even though I've climbed
to the highest position
among all men in Huayuan City,
I can't have you.
My only regret is
that I didn't
realize I love you sooner.
You and I grew up together.
We had been engaged for over ten years.
I've known you for a longer time
than Young Master Han.
Every time you saw me,
your eyes lit up.
You gave me Qin.
How come
I still lost you?
I don't understand.
I'm unwilling to give in.
(Hold world with virtue)
Han Shuo, don't get any wild ideas.
I... I didn't...
How come your eyes never light up for me?
What to do now?
Even I have been convinced by him.
Hell,
if a woman gave me Qin
and encouraged me to become
the most honorable man in Huayuan City,
not to mention she'd been
engaged to me for over ten years,
I'd remain faithful to her
and never abandon her.
I'd play music for her.
How about
you play with me?
Don't be mad. Don't be mad.
Minister Pei.
I'm no longer a minister.
Mr. Pei.
I appreciate you taking me in.
I can't thank you enough.
Now you've stopped
working in the clan school,
I won't continue to serve you,
spreading papers and making ink.
Are you leaving?
You can stay in my mansion.
I know I'm of humble birth.
I will stop
dreaming of certain things.
Are you talking about the Princess Royal?
You and I have the same trouble.
(Su Mu)
(Ming Lan)
The shingle has been hung.
(Music and Dance Academy)
Where are you going?
Don't you know?
Su Mu is back to the Music and Dance Academy.
He's hanging out his shingle today.
-Su Mu is back to the Music and Dance Academy.
-Let's go.
Hurry up.
Su Mu is back to the Music and Dance Academy.
(Music and Dance Academy)
Boring.
He just left for a while.
But his temper has become filthier.
Does he think he's clean?
He even picks and chooses his customers.
My lady.
Stop beating or scolding him.
We still need him to make money.
Haven't you noticed
that fewer people are coming
to the Music and Dance Academy?
At least Su Mu is better than Lu Peng.
Lu Peng
goes to the City Owner's mansion every day.
He should look at himself.
Young Master, the City Owner
didn't summon us.
Why are we here?
We shouldn't wait for
the City Owner to summon us.
A man should take the initiative
to get close to the City Owner.
I'll be her son-in-law in the future.
Wait here.
But...
Your wedding date isn't set yet.
From what I have seen,
the Princess Royal tends to ignore you.
I heard that Han Shuo got accepted
by the Crown Princess
because he wore a bracelet.
Now I've found this bracelet from
a craftsman and initiated to wear it,
the City Owner will surely adore
a sensible son-in-law like me.
Parents get to decide
their children's marriages.
The Princess Royal can't say no.
You're saying you want to
take troops to search Yueli Mansion?
The envoys of Xuanhu City haven't gone far.
There must be proof in the mansion.
If we launch a surprise attack now,
Han Shuo will give himself away for sure.
Mother, on the night of
the Double Seventh Festival,
Han Shuo changed his plan at the last minute.
He really had prepared explosives.
He must have noticed something,
so he changed...
How dare you mention it?
I thought you'd be sensible
and leave it behind.
I didn't expect you
to keep pestering me
with this matter.
Then
you've already known
what Han Shuo has done.
You...
You know, but you let it pass.
Are you protecting Han Shuo
or Chen Qianqian?
How dare you talk back?
You're simply afraid that
Chen Qianqian will get in trouble
and lose her Crown Princess' position.
You have spared Han Shuo,
allowing him to bring disaster to Huayuan.
Bring disaster to Huayuan?
Han Shuo has given up his plan
for Qianqian.
And look at you.
For the Crown Princess' position,
you would gamble
on your younger sister Qianqian,
me and the whole Huayuan City.
Has it occurred to you
that if Han Shuo's plan had worked out,
the land under your feet
would have sunk into misery and ruin?
I want to arrest Han Shuo
to protect you and the whole Huayuan City.
That's just your excuse!
Mother.
For Qianqian,
you'd rather nurture the dangerous seed.
I only seek your approval.
I want to feel that
I've done something right,
even if it's the only thing
I've done right.
Since I was little
you have never favored me.
I just want to know why
I'm different from Qianqian.
It's like she is your biological child
and I'm not.
Of course you two are different.
Since you were little,
I've been raising you as my successor.
Your successor?
Your successor is Chen Qianqian.
She is the Crown Princess.
You have never
favored me once.
You...
Chuchu.
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, are you okay?
I pay respect to you, Your Highness.
What are you doing here?
I came to discuss
my wedding with the Princess Royal.
I've just arrived
and run into you.
Forgive me, Your Highness.
What did you hear?
Having just arrived, I heard nothing.
Yuanyuan, how is she doing?
What's the situation?
She has a stroke.
Her pulse tells me
that she's been in bad health for a while.
Her fit of anger
is simply a factor.
Yeah.
The City Owner showed the signs
of a stroke before this.
But fearing it'd unleash panic in the city,
she had been covering her illness.
How come it attacked now?
Well...
Chen Chuchu.
What is it? Say it now.
Mother is not what you imagine her to be.
I only believe what I see.
Mother has defended you
since you were little.
Han Shuo came to our city
to marry me.
But you stole him.
Now you've even got
the Crown Princess' position.
You all claim our mother treats me well.
What do you mean by well?
I can give you the Crown Princess' position.
You've said it more than once.
When did it become reality?
Not long ago,
you said you'd let me have Han Shuo.
I bought it.
But what happened then?
I saw you and Han Shuo
being so affectionate.
Mother shows favoritism.
She's given you everything.
Mother has fallen ill.
You shouldn't resent her.
I dare not resent her.
Chuchu.
Many things happened by chance,
unlike what you thought.
You can stay mad at me
and continue to resent me.
But please don't regard our mother that way.
If you insist on doing so,
then I'll think you have changed,
and I won't let you have
Han Shuo or power.
Get out.
Where is the City Owner?
We haven't seen
the City Owner for a long time.
When will we get to see the City Owner?
Yeah.
Go home, please.
The City Owner is still resting.
What shall we do now?
The government documents are heaping up.
You are right.
After the envoys of
Xuanhu City left our city,
they've lingered 250 kilometers away
from our city for some reason.
Xuanhu's intent is all too clear.
In such troubled times,
there will be unimaginable consequences
if others know the City Owner is bedridden.
Your Highness.
As the Crown Princess,
I declare martial law citywide.
Stop the news from spreading.
But...
Martial law?
What?
Am I not the Crown Princess?
Your Highness.
In such troubled times,
the envoys of Xuanhu City are eyeing us.
If anyone reveals my mother's illness,
I'll wipe out her family.
Yes.
It's the Crown Princess' order.
(Crown Princess' Order)
For defying the City Owner,
the Second Princess shall be
grounded in Xingzi Mansion
and copy the Classic of Filial Piety
for 100 times as punishment.
Your Highness.
The Crown Princess has made it clear
that you must not copy
the classic one time less.
Sangqi, even you're helping Chen Qianqian.
Your Highness.
Why don't you ask
about the City Owner's
current health condition?
Mother has always been healthy.
In the past, Chen Qianqian irritated
her into falling ill repeatedly.
How come I'm rebellious and disobedient
when I do it
and she's naive and innocent
when she does it?
You simply show favoritism.
(Irises and orchids lasting
for thousands of years)
Zi Zhu.
Your Highness.
Chen Qianqian has taken control
of the government affairs.
You are trapped in the mansion
and can't exert your power.
We need to find a way out.
Power and man,
I want both of them.
Your Highness, I think
we should shut some peoples' mouth first.
We can't give others grounds for accusations.
We can't let the public know
the City Owner has fallen ill
because you irritated her.
I pay respect to you, Your Highness.
♪A cool breeze drifts away.♪
♪The rain leaves with the wind
and never returns.♪
♪Whose dream am I in?♪
♪Feel the changes in life.♪
♪I thought a smile could conceal the crease
between my brows.♪
♪No time has been lost.♪
♪Things would develop against wishes.♪
♪It's hard to keep up with time.♪
♪I'll follow you to the farthest corner.♪
♪I can't read your mind.
It's all for nothing.♪
♪Fame is a burden.♪
♪The longing eventually fades away,♪
♪leaving people withered♪
♪and unrepentant.♪
♪The sounds hitting my ears
are dreamy but real.♪
♪Rumors spread behind my beck.♪
♪Spur the horse and gallop.♪
♪Fail to escape from the design of fate.♪
♪To what extent can the characters♪
♪in a story control themselves?♪
♪Far away from each other,♪
♪we will end up together.♪
♪The sounds hitting my ears
are dreamy but real.♪
♪Rumors spread behind my beck.♪
♪Spur the horse and gallop.♪
♪Fail to escape from the design of fate.♪
♪To what extent can the characters♪
♪in a story control themselves?♪
♪Far away from each other,♪
♪we will end up together.♪